README.md, before:

# ai.docs
Assorted AI documentation.


# General
- Machine Learning for Everyone (some sort of "for dummies" guide)<br>
  _In simple words. With real-world examples_<br>
  https://vas3k.com/blog/machine_learning/
- How To Learn Data Science If You’re Broke.<br>
  https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-learn-data-science-if-youre-broke-7ecc408b53c7 <br>
  Seems to be a very basic, starter, motivational but good introduction to the DataScience world
- Learn AI for Free<br>
  https://blog.goodaudience.com/learn-ai-for-free-5b186cde3990
  Too basic article, just a collection with a bunch of things, useful only to keep all bookmarks in one place

# Links
- The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Machine Learning in Python<br>
  http://conordewey.com/hitchhikers-guide-machine-learning-algorithms-python/
- Machine Learning Links, docs, videos, projects<br>
  https://github.com/collections/machine-learning
- Free deep learning textbooks<br>
  https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/free-deep-learning-textbook
- Best AI/Machine Learning Resources<br>
  https://hackernoon.com/index-of-best-ai-machine-learning-resources-71ba0c73e34d
- 7 Steps to Mastering Basic Machine Learning with Python<br>
  https://www.kdnuggets.com/2019/01/7-steps-mastering-basic-machine-learning-python.html
- Machine Learning A To Z, Complete Course by Andrew Ng<br>
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-58kO_zYUGE <br>
  An huge video editing mix with the whole Andrew Ng course listed below, 8h but it seems a waste not watching it

# Code
- An open community to promote AI technology.<br>
  https://github.com/tensorlayer <br>
  Take also a look at the excellent seq2seq-chatbot implementation from there

# Courses
- Andrew Ng courses on ML from Coursera<br>
  https://www.deeplearning.ai/ 
- Nice learning courses. All of them are free, cool and without ads<br>
  http://www.fast.ai/
- Free Online Courses in Data Science<br>
  https://www.class-central.com/subject/data-science <br>
  Massive list of them, well organized and useful

# Books
- Interpretable Machine Learning<br>
  <em>A Guide for Making Black Box Models Explainable.</em><br>
  https://christophm.github.io/interpretable-ml-book/
# Examples
- Connect4 AI with python and keras (alphazero based approach)<br>
  https://medium.com/applied-data-science/how-to-build-your-own-alphazero-ai-using-python-and-keras-7f664945c188
- Building Your First Neural Net From Scratch With PyTorch<br>
  https://medium.com/@tomgrek/building-your-first-neural-net-from-scratch-with-pytorch-56b0e9c84d54

# Projects
- Fakebook. Android app that uses machine learning algorithm to checks the reliability of your news sources 
  [Fakebook Post](https://devpost.com/software/fakebook-uk8m09) and
  [Code](https://github.com/hi2nithya/FakeBook)

# Natural Language Processing
## NLTK
- Natural Language ToolKit (python) Essentials
  - https://medium.com/@gk_/natural-language-toolkit-the-essentials-c97dd6a848d3<br>
    Tokenize, Stemming, Tagging, Chunking and many cool things (worldnet and dictionaries)
- Text Classification using Neural Networks
  - https://machinelearnings.co/text-classification-using-neural-networks-f5cd7b8765c6<br>
    Text classifications for chatbots, very useful
- Text classification and prediction using the Bag Of Words approach
  - https://medium.freecodecamp.org/text-classification-and-prediction-using-bag-of-words-8aeb1396cded<br>
    classification and intro to logistic regression, pretty tough but useful
## TreeTagger
- TreeTagger - a part-of-speech tagger for many languages
  - http://www.cis.uni-muenchen.de/~schmid/tools/TreeTagger/<br>
    The TreeTagger is a tool for annotating text with part-of-speech and lemma information

Commit message:

added link in General section

README.md, after:

# ai.docs
Assorted AI documentation.


# General
- Machine Learning for Everyone (some sort of "for dummies" guide)<br>
  _In simple words. With real-world examples_<br>
  https://vas3k.com/blog/machine_learning/
- How To Learn Data Science If You’re Broke.<br>
  https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-learn-data-science-if-youre-broke-7ecc408b53c7 <br>
  Seems to be a very basic, starter, motivational but good introduction to the DataScience world
- Learn AI for Free<br>
  https://blog.goodaudience.com/learn-ai-for-free-5b186cde3990
  Too basic article, just a collection with a bunch of things, useful only to keep all bookmarks in one place
- Lessons from becoming a Machine Learning Engineer in 12 months, without a CS/Math degree<br>
  https://hackernoon.com/lessons-from-becoming-a-machine-learning-engineer-in-12-months-without-a-cs-math-degree-acb308886c95
  Sounds a little bit provocative to me even if I don't think I can achieve all things mentioned here 
  in a 12 month period but assertions and general considerations are well addressed, comments and tips are pertinent.
  Definitively a nice read with a lot of useful links

# Links
- The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Machine Learning in Python<br>
  http://conordewey.com/hitchhikers-guide-machine-learning-algorithms-python/
- Machine Learning Links, docs, videos, projects<br>
  https://github.com/collections/machine-learning
- Free deep learning textbooks<br>
  https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/free-deep-learning-textbook
- Best AI/Machine Learning Resources<br>
  https://hackernoon.com/index-of-best-ai-machine-learning-resources-71ba0c73e34d
- 7 Steps to Mastering Basic Machine Learning with Python<br>
  https://www.kdnuggets.com/2019/01/7-steps-mastering-basic-machine-learning-python.html
- Machine Learning A To Z, Complete Course by Andrew Ng<br>
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-58kO_zYUGE <br>
  An huge video editing mix with the whole Andrew Ng course listed below, 8h but it seems a waste not watching it

# Code
- An open community to promote AI technology.<br>
  https://github.com/tensorlayer <br>
  Take also a look at the excellent seq2seq-chatbot implementation from there

# Courses
- Andrew Ng courses on ML from Coursera<br>
  https://www.deeplearning.ai/ 
- Nice learning courses. All of them are free, cool and without ads<br>
  http://www.fast.ai/
- Free Online Courses in Data Science<br>
  https://www.class-central.com/subject/data-science <br>
  Massive list of them, well organized and useful

# Books
- Interpretable Machine Learning<br>
  <em>A Guide for Making Black Box Models Explainable.</em><br>
  https://christophm.github.io/interpretable-ml-book/
# Examples
- Connect4 AI with python and keras (alphazero based approach)<br>
  https://medium.com/applied-data-science/how-to-build-your-own-alphazero-ai-using-python-and-keras-7f664945c188
- Building Your First Neural Net From Scratch With PyTorch<br>
  https://medium.com/@tomgrek/building-your-first-neural-net-from-scratch-with-pytorch-56b0e9c84d54

# Projects
- Fakebook. Android app that uses machine learning algorithm to checks the reliability of your news sources 
  [Fakebook Post](https://devpost.com/software/fakebook-uk8m09) and
  [Code](https://github.com/hi2nithya/FakeBook)

# Natural Language Processing
## NLTK
- Natural Language ToolKit (python) Essentials
  - https://medium.com/@gk_/natural-language-toolkit-the-essentials-c97dd6a848d3<br>
    Tokenize, Stemming, Tagging, Chunking and many cool things (worldnet and dictionaries)
- Text Classification using Neural Networks
  - https://machinelearnings.co/text-classification-using-neural-networks-f5cd7b8765c6<br>
    Text classifications for chatbots, very useful
- Text classification and prediction using the Bag Of Words approach
  - https://medium.freecodecamp.org/text-classification-and-prediction-using-bag-of-words-8aeb1396cded<br>
    classification and intro to logistic regression, pretty tough but useful
## TreeTagger
- TreeTagger - a part-of-speech tagger for many languages
  - http://www.cis.uni-muenchen.de/~schmid/tools/TreeTagger/<br>
    The TreeTagger is a tool for annotating text with part-of-speech and lemma information
